Job Title: Cybersecurity Analyst, Mid job at Booz Allen Hamilton in Washington, DC
Company: Booz Allen Hamilton

Description:
Cybersecurity Analyst, Mid

Location: Washington, DC United States

time type

Full time

Hybrid

job requisition id

R0238466

Job Description:

The Opportunity:

Warnings about cyber threats are everywhere and the constantly evolving nature of these threats can make understanding them seem overwhelming to our clients. In all of this "cyber noise", how can these organizations understand their risks and how to mitigate them? The answer is you - build your knowledge as an Information Security Risk Specialist who knows how to break down complex threats into manageable plans of action.

As an Information Security Risk Specialist on our team, you'll work with our government clients to discover their cyber risks, understand applicable policies, and develop a mitigation plan. You'll get technical, environmental, and personnel details from SMEs and customers to assess the entire threat landscape. Then, you'll help your team guide your client through a plan of action with presentations, whitepapers, and milestones. You'll work on translating security concepts for your client so they can make the best decisions to secure their mission critical systems. This is your opportunity to take an active role in information security while growing your skills in cybersecurity policy and compliance. Join us as we protect our client's critical information systems.

Join us. The world can't wait.

You Have:

5+ years of experience with security control assessments, information security compliance, or security assessment and authorization

Experience conducting NIST security control assessments on traditional and cloud systems

Experience creating and maintaining A&A documentation such as FIPS-199, SSPs, POA&Ms, and SARs

Experience with cloud environments such as AWS, Azure, M365, and SaaS applications, and associated security controls

Knowledge of federal cybersecurity frameworks and standards, including NIST SP 800-53, Risk Management Framework (RMF), FISMA, and FedRAMP

Ability to work independently on multiple projects simultaneously

Ability to obtain and maintain a Public Trust or Suitability/Fitness determination based on client requirements

Bachelor's degree

Nice If You Have:

Experience with cybersecurity supporting U.S. government programs

Possession of excellent interpersonal skills

Possession of excellent verbal and written communication skills

Bachelor's degree in a Cybersecurity, Information Systems, CS, or Engineering field

Industry-recognized Cybersecurity Certifications

Vetting:

Applicants selected will be subject to a government investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements of the U.S. government client.

Compensation

At Booz Allen, we celebrate your contributions, provide you with opportunities and choices, and support your total well-being. Our offerings include health, life, disability, financial, and retirement benefits, as well as paid leave, professional development, tuition assistance, work-life programs, and dependent care. Our recognition awards program acknowledges employees for exceptional performance and superior demonstration of our values. Full-time and part-time employees working at least 20 hours a week on a regular basis are eligible to participate in Booz Allen's benefit programs. Individuals that do not meet the threshold are only eligible for select offerings, not inclusive of health benefits. We encourage you to learn more about our total benefits by visiting the Resource page on our Careers site and reviewing Our Employee Benefits page.

Salary at Booz Allen is determined by various factors, including but not limited to location, the individual's particular combination of education, knowledge, skills, competencies, and experience, as well as contract-specific affordability and organizational requirements. The projected compensation range for this position is $62,000.00 to $141,000.00 (annualized USD). The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position and is just one component of Booz Allen's total compensation package for employees. This posting will close within 90 days from the Posting Date.

Identity Statement

As part of the hiring process, we will ask you to complete an identity verification process that leverages advanced biometrics and artificial intelligence to ensure authenticity and protect against identity fraud. You are expected to be on camera during interviews and assessments. We reserve the right to take your picture to verify your identity and prevent fraud.

Candidate AI Usage Policy

AI is a part of our daily work at Booz Allen, and we are committed to the responsible and ethical use of AI tools. However, we want to ensure a fair candidate process based on your own skills and knowledge. As part of this commitment, the use of artificial intelligence (AI) or other tools to assist with responses during interviews (whether in-person or virtual) is prohibited unless permission is explicitly provided.

Work Model

Our people-first culture prioritizes the benefits of collaboration, whether it occurs in person or virtually. To support engagement and effective communication, employees working virtually are generally expected to have their cameras on during meetings.

Remote: If this position is listed as remote, there may still be occasions when you are required to work in person at a Booz Allen or customer facility.

Hybrid: If this position is listed as hybrid, you will be expected to work from a Booz Allen facility frequently, in alignment with leadership expectations and the needs of the role. You may also be required to work from or visit a customer facility.

Onsite: If this position is listed as onsite, work will primarily be performed at a Booz Allen office or customer facility, where employees will collaborate directly with colleagues and customers as required by the role.

Commitment to Non-Discrimination

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to disability, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, local, or international law.