Job Title: Cyber Security Analyst Advisor- SWINGS - TS/SCI W/ POLY
Company: GDIT

Description:
Type of Requisition:
Regular

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:
Top Secret/SCI

Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:
Top Secret SCI + Polygraph

Public Trust/Other Required:
None

Job Family:
Cyber and IT Risk Management

Job Qualifications:

Skills:
Information Security, Information Technology (IT), Teamwork

Certifications:
None

Experience:
5 + years of related experience

US Citizenship Required:
Yes

Job Description:

SOC ANALYST PRINCIPAL

SWINGS M-F

Advance your career while impacting our national security in cyber as a SOC Analyst Principal at GDIT. Here, technologists have many paths to grow a meaningful career supporting cyber missions and operations across the federal government.

WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO SUCCEED
Bring your cyber expertise and drive for innovation to GDIT. The SOC Analyst Principal must have:
Education: Technical Training, Certification(s) or Degree
Experience: 5+ years of related experience

required certs:

GDIT IS YOUR PLACE
At GDIT, the mission is our purpose, and our people are at the center of everything we do.
Growth: AI-powered career tool that identifies career steps and learning opportunities
Support: An internal mobility team focused on helping you achieve your career goals
Rewards: Comprehensive benefits and wellness packages, 401K with company match, and competitive pay and paid time off
Community: Award-winning culture of innovation and a military-friendly workplace

OWN YOUR OPPORTUNITY
Explore a career in cyber at GDIT and you'll find endless opportunities to grow alongside colleagues who share your focus on defending and protecting what matters.

The likely salary range for this position is $142,792 - $172,500. This is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary. Rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range.

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Travel Required:
None

Telecommuting Options:
Onsite

Work Location:
USA VA Reston

Additional Work Locations:
USA CO Colorado Springs, USA DC Washington

Total Rewards at GDIT:
Our benefits package for all US-based employees includes a variety of medical plan options, some with Health Savings Accounts, dental plan options, a vision plan, and a 401(k) plan offering the ability to contribute both pre and post-tax dollars up to the IRS annual limits and receive a company match. To encourage work/life balance, GDIT offers employees full flex work weeks where possible and a variety of paid time off plans, including vacation, sick and personal time, holidays, paid parental, military, bereavement and jury duty leave. To ensure our employees are able to protect their income, other offerings such as short and long-term disability benefits, life, accidental death and dismemberment, personal accident, critical illness and business travel and accident insurance are provided or available. We regularly review our Total Rewards package to ensure our offerings are competitive and reflect what our employees have told us they value most.

We are GDIT. A global technology and professional services company that delivers consulting, technology and mission services to every major agency across the U.S. government, defense and intelligence community. Our 30,000 experts extract the power of technology to create immediate value and deliver solutions at the edge of innovation. We operate across 50 countries worldwide, offering leading capabilities in digital modernization, AI/ML, Cloud, Cyber and application development. Together with our clients, we strive to create a safer, smarter world by harnessing the power of deep expertise and advanced technology.

Join our Talent Community to stay up to date on our career opportunities and events at

gdit.com/tc.

Equal Opportunity Employer / Individuals with Disabilities / Protected Veterans